App crash due to 'App Center' corrupted configuration file (#1324)
microsoft/appcenter-sdk-dotnet: CHANGELOG.md

* **[Fix]** Allow whitespace characters between secrets like in versions before `2.6.0`.

> #### WPF

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### WPF / WinForms
```

> * **[Fix]** Fix application crash when the `App Center` configuration file is corrupted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **[Fix]** Fix application crash when the `AppCenter` configuration file is corrupted.
```

Reviewer 3: It's either App Center (with space as a service), or AppCenter when implying SDK module. Which one is it here?

Reviewer 2: It's the name of the file.
